Update ocr-learn-about.md (#12103)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/ocr-learn-about.md

To view your bill, follow the instructions described in [Monitor your Microsoft Syntex pay-as-you-go usage](/microsoft-365/syntex/syntex-azure-billing#monitor-your-microsoft-syntex-pay-as-you-go-usage).

> [!NOTE]

> > - To reduce your OCR costs, small images, such as logos and signatures that are sent in email via Microsoft Exchange are scanned and billed only once per unique image across all users of the tenant. For all subsequent instances, the results of the previous scan will be reused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - To reduce your OCR costs, small images, such as logos and signatures that are sent in email via Microsoft Exchange are scanned and billed only once per unique image across all users of the organization. For all subsequent instances, the results of the previous scan will be reused.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
>

> > - Only stand-alone images are scanned. Scanning images embedded inside Microsoft Office files (.docx, .xlsx, .pptx) and compressed/archive files (.zip, .rar, etc.) isn't supported at this point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Only stand-alone images are scanned. Scanning images embedded inside Microsoft Office files (.docx, .xlsx, .pptx) and compressed or archive files (such as .zip and .rar) isn't supported at this point.
```
